Updated Arcanna (#14554)
demisto/content: Packs/Arcanna/Integrations/ArcannaAI/README.md

Arcanna integration for using the power of AI in SOC

> This integration was integrated and tested with version xx of Arcanna.AI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration was integrated and tested with version 1.0 and above of Arcanna.AI
```

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Server URL (e.g. https://&lt;your arcanna ai api&gt;) | URL of Arcanna API | True |
    | API Key | Api Key for Arcanna API | True |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |
    | Default Arcanna Job Id |  | False |
    | Feature Mapping as an array to map between CLOSING REASON and Arcanna labels |  | False |

>     | Field use to signal to arcanna the status for closing an alert(or marking as feedback for Arcanna) |  | False |

Reviewer: Please generate this part again after the changes I mentioned in the yml file

Author: regenerated.
